I think we got a book here look on some
of the most infamous murders in American
history I want to go to where they live
and where they killed and I want you to
take the pictures and I'm gonna write
the text looking for somebody to take
turns at the wheel and share expenses on
a week-long cross country blue highways
tour of historic murder sites fine who
in the right mind is gonna have to that
early tell me more about California see
one thing people think faster out there
I can't all that warm weather go way to
make people stupid hatch fact I guess
that explain why are so many stupid
people around here I think we should at
least message first beggars can't be
choosers they were the only ones the
answer rideshare don't remember please
don't let them be as boring these
Brian's friends and
like that
you've got to be kidding me look at them
they look like okay geez early they look
kind of weird just in case
he can't help the way he was raised
gotta feel sorry for him he feel sorry
for that's a sweet
you cut your hair I really cut it pasted
it makes me look more pretty you know
you and I we got to talk about your good
buddy early studies make good buddy you
look good with a gun bride giving it a
shot you mean boy never hey save some
tourists job that's not like your boy
there is a nationwide ban early great
who's that I ain't never killed on one
hand I know tell me something big time
kinda hey you gonna ride book bats on
you donut Wow
Brad Pitt Juliette Lewis California